STRUCTURE :-

1. WAP to create student struct with consist of roll no., name, three subs, marks, total, avg, grade,create a struct of end no. of students.
2. Search a specific student record in respect of their roll no.
3. Search a specific student record in respect of their name.
4. Create a employee structure which consist of employee id, employee name, basic salary as input, calculate DA, TA, HRA, Gross salary, Pf and net salary and calculate the designation.
5. Create structure called box that stores the length,breadth, height of a rectangular box, calculate the volume of n size and print the max volume within those box.
6. create a structure called cone with radius and height of the cone, calculate the volume of cones of n times and find out the max volumes.
7. Create a structure called point that consists of (X,Y) coordinate. Create a structure of n types and print second quadrates within the points.
8. Create a structure called struct bank to specify data of customers in a bank. The data to be stored is ‘AccNo’, ‘Name’, and ‘Balance’. Assume a maximum of 100 customers in the bank. Write a function called transaction( ) for withdrawal and deposit of amount in an account. The customer request for withdrawal or deposit is given in the form: Account no., Amount, and ‘1’ for deposit and ‘0’ for withdrawal. If existing balance in the account is below Rs. 1000/- the function prints “Balance is insufficient for specific withdrawal”, else it will show the name and the updated current balance of the customer after the transaction.
9. Sort the student structure in descending order of their total marks.
10. Sort the employee structure in descending order of their gross salary.
11. Create a structure called struct cone with radius and height of the cone as components. Within main, declare an array to store 10 such cone type data. Enter parameters for the 10 cone type data. Next scan the array and print the parameters of the cone with the largest volume. (Same type Q.6)
12. Define a structure data type called struct line to hold the 2 components (m i.e. slope and c i.e. the y intercept) of a line. Define a structure data type called struct point to hold the 2 components (x and y) of a point. Input the components for 2 line type variables L1 and L2, and find the point of intersection of the lines. Store the point of intersection in a point type data and display the result.